_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Mobile: (434)-422-0970</p>

    <p>852 W Main St</p>

    <p>Charlottesville VA, 22903</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---


Hello, and welcome to my portfolio page! It doesn't matter who you are or why you are here, but I do hope by browsing through this website, you can learn more about me. 

Here's a quick introduction in case you don't knwo about me yet: I am a first generation Bachelor's Degree student studying Computer Engineering in University of Virginia, and expected to graduate in 2025. I have a very deep interest that spread across the whole computer-related field. I have experiences ranging from software engineering, hardware engineering to embedded engineering, system engineering and more. Beside tackling with computer systems, I also have a strong interest in mechanics. My main field of interests includes but not limit to Robotics, mechatronics, automotive engineering, ADAS/autonomous vehicles, embedded development and software engineering.

There are three teachers in my family of five, and I defineately kept this trend going. I have been teaching as a teaching assistant in the computer science department for two course over the course of two years. I enjoy helping others and I feel so achieved whenevere I solve a student's question.

Besides working and studying, I do have lots of other hobbies. I like cars a lot since I was in a young age. I enjoy the car culture and I like go to car meets and chat with different people. I also like tinkering with my car. I do electronic retrofits and also some mechanic jobs as well. I often record my process of doing these works and post them as tutorials on social media.
I am also a music producer. I have been producing music for more than 6 years, with genres ranging from pop/rock to hardcore electronic music. I often help others by providing copyright-free music for others to use in their videos, games, and other projects. I enjoying making creative kind of music that stands out on its own.




Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Edited more resume details, added line breaks

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
#subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Mobile: (434)-422-0970</p><br>

    <p>852 W Main St</p><br>

    <p>Charlottesville VA, 22903</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---


Hello, and welcome to my portfolio page! It doesn't matter who you are or why you are here, but I do hope by browsing through this website, you can learn more about me. 

Here's a quick introduction in case you don't knwo about me yet: I am a first generation Bachelor's Degree student studying Computer Engineering in University of Virginia, and expected to graduate in 2025. I have a very deep interest that spread across the whole computer-related field. I have experiences ranging from software engineering, hardware engineering to embedded engineering, system engineering and more. Beside tackling with computer systems, I also have a strong interest in mechanics. My main field of interests includes but not limit to Robotics, mechatronics, automotive engineering, ADAS/autonomous vehicles, embedded development and software engineering.

There are three teachers in my family of five, and I defineately kept this trend going. I have been teaching as a teaching assistant in the computer science department for two course over the course of two years. I enjoy helping others and I feel so achieved whenevere I solve a student's question.

Besides working and studying, I do have lots of other hobbies. I like cars a lot since I was in a young age. I enjoy the car culture and I like go to car meets and chat with different people. I also like tinkering with my car. I do electronic retrofits and also some mechanic jobs as well. I often record my process of doing these works and post them as tutorials on social media.
I am also a music producer. I have been producing music for more than 6 years, with genres ranging from pop/rock to hardcore electronic music. I often help others by providing copyright-free music for others to use in their videos, games, and other projects. I enjoying making creative kind of music that stands out on its own.

Here is a [Linktree](http://linktree.com/tristar10) link to my videos and music and more, please check it out!


Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.
